
Established in 1970, Classic Silver Palace has carved a niche for itself in the market a leading wholesale manufacturer and exporter of all type Silver Articles, Silver with stone Studded Jewellery, Gem Color Stone Jewellery, Silver Oxidized Jewellery, High Fashion Jewellery etc. We have located in Jaipur (Rajasthan) India.
Our success is based upon our early principles which are still held today - innovative design, exquisite craftsmanship, impeccable quality and real value for money. The traditional skills of the jewellery making, handed down over decades, are still in use in our state of the art workshops. We endeavor to understand the tastes and preferences of our clients and accordingly come out with unique designs.
Our spectacular range of Indian Silver Articles items & Semi Precious Sterling Silver Jewellery is the result of a proper insight into the functional aspect of this industry. With its reputed impression among its buyers both at the domestic and outside, the company has managed to hold its buyers in a strong way. We are the member of Export Promotion Council For Handicraft. (EPCH).
The company offers an exhaustive range of jewellery and stones marked by the diversity of style, shape, size and much more. The products also promise superlative quality and competitive price.
We deal in a wide range of products, which have a huge market world wide. Our product range includes


OUR PRODUCTS
Where elegance is an attitude, where innovation is the buzzword, we,at, Classic Silver Jewellery are committed to excellence by providing a nonpareil collection of Sterling Silver Jewellery & Silver Articles. Our collection includes :-
» Gem Stone Jewelry» 925 Silver With Studded Jewellery» Beaded Jewellery» Sterling Silver Jewellery» Silver Articles
    For any Query, please send us a e-mail : info@indianclassicsilverjewellery.com

Infrastructure
Owing to well-established infrastructural setup, outfitted with latest machinery and advanced technology, we are actively engaged in offering a vast array of premium quality  Silver  Jewelries with certified gemstones,. This unit has all the required facilities that enable us to design our offered range in accordance with the latest trends of the market and enlarge the productivity. Apart from this, we timely upgrade our technology and installed machines at our manufacturing unit in order to be in accordance with the universal norms.
We employ a state-of-the-art infrastructure facility equipped with latest machines to design and manufacture our products. We have segregated our infrastructure facility into various divisions so as to fasten the process of execution. These units are manufacturing, designing, sales & marketing, administration and logistics. They help us to function in a smooth manner by coordinating all their activities. Thus, we have been able to attain maximum possible operational efficiency.
Following makes our Infrastructure stand apart:
Well-equipped quality control
Professional administrative set up.
Standardized processes
Why Us?
We are a reckoned entity engaged in manufacturing, exporting and supplying a vast collection of intricately designed Certified Gemstones, Diamonds and Diamond Jewelries. Our easy payment modes and wide distribution network have made us renowned in the market.
Some of the factors that can be counted for our success are:
Unique and exclusive designs
Flawless quality and fine finish
Wide choice in terms of design and types of jewellery
Capacious warehousing and suitable packaging
Fast order processing and timely delivery
Integrated designing and manufacturing facilities
Certified Gems & Diamonds 
Payment Details
1. Bank / TT Details
U.S. Dollars :Payments should be made
to JP MORGAN CHASE BANK (SWIFT CODE : HASUS33XXX)
New York
(payment should be routed either via CHIPS ABA 0002 OR FED ABA 021000021)
for credit to : 001-1-407376
AXIS Bank Ltd(SWIFT Code : AXISINBBXXX)
ultimate bene : Acct no. 010010200019196
Name :M/S CLASSIC SILVER PALACE
Address : V-2, AASHYANA GUEST HOUSE, CHAMELIWALA MARKET, M. I. ROAD, JAIPUR
 
GBP:Payments should be made
to Sort Code 60-92-42
Chase Manhattan Bank (SWIFT Code : CHASGB2LXXX)
London
for credit to : 00111 31588
AXIS Bank Ltd. (SWIFT Code : AXISINBBXXX)
Bombay.
ultimate bene : Acct no. 010010200019196
Name :M/S CLASSIC SILVER PALACE
Address : V-2, AASHYANA GUEST HOUSE, CHAMELIWALA MARKET, M. I. ROAD, JAIPUR

EUR:Payments should be made
to JPMorgan Chase Bank (SWIFT Code : CHASDEFXXXX)
Frankfurt
for credit to : DE81501108006231605392
AXIS Bank Ltd (SWIFT Code : AXISINBBXXX)
ultimate bene : Acct no. 010010200019196
Name :M/S CLASSIC SILVER PALACE
Address : V-2, AASHYANA GUEST HOUSE, CHAMELIWALA MARKET, M. I. ROAD, JAIPUR

2. Paypal Id: info@indianclassicsilverjewellery.com
Instant Payment by PAYPAL (For all customers other then India and payment from other than india) 

FAQ’s
Do your prices include shipping?
No all the prices mentioned on this website are excluded of shipping charges (click here).
Where do you ship from?
We are based at Jaipur-Rajasthan, (India) and all the items are shipped directly from JAIPUR, Rajasthan-INDIA to you, through reputed international Freight Forwarders.
How do you ship?
We use various Shipping options as per your needs and suggestions like FedEx, UPS and Post Parcel Service (Express Mail Service) etc.
How long does it take for the item to be delivered?
We normally take 1-2 weeks (including working days only) to dispatch the shipment.
What is your Minimum Order Amount?
THERE IS NO MINIMUM ORDER AMOUNT & No MINIMUM ORDER QUANTITY
Stone Types:
Using Precious and Semi Precious stones in our Jewelry. All the stones we use are original and of the best quality available (no inclusions).
What are your shipping charges?
It depends on the shipping method & the shipping company involved. (click here).
Do I have to pay any charges other than purchase price and shipping?As your items will be shipped internationally, it is possible that you might be charged a Customs Duty by the government of your country. The rules and rates related to Customs Duty may differ from country to country.
PAYMENT OPTIONS
The payment options available to our customers are:
1. PAYPAL: We accept Payments through Pay Pal. The most convenient method of payment, we accept Visa, MasterCard, & American Express payments through our secure
payments system. info@indianclassicsilverjewellery.com
2. Bank Transfer: We also accept money transfer through electronic bank transfer directly to our bank account. We will provide all the related details. Click Here
Note : In case of dispute the place for jurisdiction will be Jaipur, India. 


Address: 
Classic Silver Palace
 {Manufacturer & Exporter of  Sterling Silver Jewellery & Silver Articles}
V-2, Opp.Aashiyana Guest house, Chameli Wala Market, M.I. Road, 
 Jaipur [302003], (Raj.) India
Tel: 0091-141-2360070
Mobile: 0091-94140-72173, 98290-07080, 98292-04228
Fax: 0091-141-2360070

